[core-amqp] parse port number from endpoint (#32406)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-amqp/CHANGELOG.md

### Bugs Fixed

> - Fix parsing of connetion string to account to extract port number properly.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix parsing of connection string to extract port number properly.
```
